PRIVACY POLICY

Tringapps Inc. (“Tringapps”) has adopted the following privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), which is applicable to all personal information (e.g., your name, address, phone number, e-mail address) you provide during your use of https://tringapps.com (referred to as the “Site”).

OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY

Tringapps is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your visit to our website is completely secure. If you have any questions or problems with any aspect of our privacy policy or its implementation, please contact our privacy officer.

CONSENT

By using this Site, you consent to our use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. As we implement new technology and introduce new services, we will update our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time without advance notice. Should any new privacy policy go into effect, we will post it on this site, and the policy will apply to all information collected.

Information gathered through https://tringapps.com may be used to send you special updates, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. We do not sell or rent this information to anyone. You may opt-out of future communication from us at any time by either clicking the unsubscribe link or by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.

User data may be employed to customize advertising deliverables, such as banners and any other types of advertisements to promote our services. Sometimes, these marketing deliverables are developed based on user preferences. However, not all personal data is used for this purpose. Some of the services provided by Tringapps may use cookies to identify users. The behavioral retargeting technique may also be used to display advertisements tailored to user preferences and online behavior, including outside Tringapps websites. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.

Facebook Audience Network (Facebook, Inc.) Facebook’s Privacy Policy Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service that helps to monitor and evaluate the efficiency of advertising campaigns launched via Facebook. The service is provided by Facebook, Inc. and is subject to the company’s privacy policy.

Microsoft Ads (Microsoft Corporation). Microsoft Ads is an advertising for launching and managing advertising campaigns across Bing search and Bing’s partner network. The service is provided by Microsoft Corporation and is subject to the company’s privacy policy. Microsoft Corporation’s Privacy Policy

Google Ads (Google LLC) DoubleClick (Google Inc.) / DoubleClick Bid Manager / Google DoubleClick  Google Ads and Double Click are advertising services that enable efficient interaction with potential customers by suggesting relevant advertisements across Google Search, as well as Google’s partner networks. Google Ads and Double Click are easily integrated with any other Google services—for example, Google Analytics—and help to process user data gathered by cookies. The services are provided by Google Inc. and are subject to the company’s privacy policy. Google’s Privacy Policy

Google Ads (Google LLC) DoubleClick (Google Inc.) / DoubleClick Bid Manager / Google DoubleClick  Google Ads and Double Click are advertising services that enable efficient interaction with potential customers by suggesting relevant advertisements across Google Search, as well as Google’s partner networks. Google Ads and Double Click are easily integrated with any other Google services—for example, Google Analytics—and help to process user data gathered by cookies. The services are provided by Google Inc. and are subject to the company’s privacy policy. Google’s Privacy Policy

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions / LinkedIn Ads (LinkedIn Corporation) LinkedIn Ads  allows for tracking the efficiency of advertising campaigns launched via LinkedIn. The service is provided by LinkedIn Corporation and is subject to the company’s privacy policy. LinkedIn’s Privacy Policy Twitter Advertising / Twitter Conversion Tracking (Twitter, Inc.)  The Twitter Ads network allows for tracking the efficiency of advertising campaigns launched via Twitter. The service is provided by Twitter Inc. and is subject to the company’s privacy policy.Twitter’s Privacy Policy

SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

To maintain the security of your information, we use the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol with 128-bit or higher encryption strength to transmit sensitive information. This is the same technology used in transmitting sensitive information by banks, governments, and ecommerce businesses.
Once the information is in our system, it is accessible to authorized Tringapps personnel only.

HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Your personal information will be used in order to provide you with the requested products and services. This includes the use of information for completing transactions or communicating back to you.

We may also use personal information in a manner that does not identify you specifically nor allow you to be contacted but does identify certain criteria about our Site’s users in general (such as we may inform third parties about the number of registered users, number of unique visitors, and the pages most frequently browsed).

WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH

We will NOT sell, trade or rent your name or personal information to anyone else. We DO NOT sell, trade, rent or provide outside access to our mailing list at all.

Tringapps will not release your personal information to authorities unless required by law, search warrant, court order, subpoena, or fraud investigation.

Except as otherwise stated in this policy, Tringapps will share your information with third parties only to the extent necessary to provide the services and products requested by you. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.

COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Tringapps only saves such personal information that is necessary for you to access and use our services. This personal information includes, but is not limited to, first and last name, email address, phone number, and document creation data.

COOKIES

You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies some parts of Tringapps websites may become inaccessible or not function properly.

WE USE COOKIES IN THE FOLLOWING WAYS

In order to personalize your experience with the Site by displaying content we believe might interest you based on your information.

Each browser accessing the Site is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the size of our audience and the extent of repeat usage.

To track visitor trends and patterns. This enables us to provide our visitors with more useful content and services.

CHILDREN UNDER THIRTEEN

Tringapps Inc does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parents or guardian for permission to use this website.

CONTACT INFORMATION

Tringapps Inc welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Tringapps Inc has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Tringapps Inc at:


Tringapps Inc

100 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, NY 10017

EMAIL ADDRESS

info@tringapps.com

TELEPHONE NUMBER

+1-518 533 5687
